Clarify section on negotiating connection IDs (#3349)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

During the handshake, packets with the long header ({{long-header}}) are used to
establish the connection IDs in each direction. Each endpoint uses the SCID
field to specify the connection ID that is used in the DCID field of packets
being sent to them. Upon receiving a packet, each endpoint sets the DCID it
sends to match the value of the SCID that it receives.

When an Initial packet is sent by a client that has not previously received an
Initial or Retry packet from the server, the client populates the DCID field
with an unpredictable value.  This DCID MUST be at least 8 bytes in length.
Until a packet is received from the server, the client MUST use the same DCID
value on all packets in this connection. This DCID is used to determine packet
protection keys for Initial packets.

The client populates the SCID field with a value of its choosing and sets the
SCID Len field to indicate the length.

The first flight of 0-RTT packets use the same DCID and SCID values as the
client's first Initial packet.

Upon first receiving an Initial or Retry packet from the server, the client uses
the SCID supplied by the server as the DCID for subsequent packets, including

> all subsequent Handshake and 0-RTT packets. This means that a client might

Reviewer: Why require that all subsequent Handshake packets use the same CID? It's definitely requires for Initial and 0-RTT to have consistent routing through the LB, but I haven't heard any reason to require it for handshake (taking into account possible new CIDs being received, i.e. #3348). IMO, adding extra restrictions here just complicates NEW_CONNECTION_ID handling.

Author: Gah! That was my mistake. Fixed.

> all subsequent 0-RTT packets. This means that a client might change the DCID

Reviewer: I think it might just be best to explicitly state which packet types require use of the new DCID. Not mentioning handshake packets here just leaves it unclear IMO.

Author: I agree, and as I noted in the description, this PR exposes this issue.

Ok, I'm going to give it a shot based on what I understand our intent was; I'll see how it goes.

> twice during connection establishment, once in response to a Retry and once in

Reviewer 2: Given the resolution of #3348, we should likely update this to not set an expectation that you change twice maximum, technically they can change as many times as you give them CIDs / as many times as they want to switch between all active CIDs.

The reference to {{issue-cid}} later will point people at some clarification about this too, so that looks great.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps: "This means that a client might have to change the connection ID it puts in the Destination Connection ID field twice during connection establishment, [..]"

These changes are mandatory, so it is appropriate to point to those as being special.

response to an Initial packet from the server. Once a client has received an
Initial packet from the server, it MUST discard any subsequent packet it
receives with a different Source Connection ID.

> A client MUST change the DCID value it sends in response to only the first

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A client MUST change the Destination Connection ID value it uses for sending packets in response to only the first
```

> received Initial or Retry packet.  A server MUST set its DCID value based on the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
received Initial or Retry packet.  A server MUST set the Destination Connection ID it uses for sending packets based on the
```

first received Initial packet. Any further changes to the DCID are not

> permitted; if subsequent Initial packets include a different SCID, they MUST be

Reviewer 3: are only permitted if the values are taken from NEW_CONNECTION_ID frames; if subsequent

and sets the SCID Len field to indicate the length.

The first flight of 0-RTT packets use the same Destination Connection ID and
Source Connection ID values as the client's first Initial packet.

Upon first receiving an Initial or Retry packet from the server, the client uses
the Source Connection ID supplied by the server as the Destination Connection ID
for subsequent packets, including all subsequent 0-RTT packets.  This means that
a client might have to change the connection ID it sets in the Destination
Connection ID field twice during connection establishment: once in response to a
Retry, and once in response to an Initial packet from the server. Once a client
has received an Initial packet from the server, it MUST discard any subsequent
packet it receives with a different Source Connection ID.

A client MUST change the Destination Connection ID it uses for sending packets
in response to only the first received Initial or Retry packet.  A server MUST
set the Destination Connection ID it uses for sending packets based on the first
received Initial packet. Any further changes to the Destination Connection ID

> are are only permitted if the values are taken from any received

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are only permitted if the values are taken from any received
```

During the handshake, packets with the long header ({{long-header}}) are used to
establish the connection IDs in each direction. Each endpoint uses the Source
Connection ID field to specify the connection ID that is used in the Destination
Connection ID field of packets being sent to them. Upon receiving a packet, each
endpoint sets the Destination Connection ID it sends to match the value of the
Source Connection ID that it receives.

When an Initial packet is sent by a client that has not previously received an
Initial or Retry packet from the server, the client populates the Destination

> Connection ID field with an unpredictable value.  This Destination Connection ID

Reviewer 4: It might be worth clarifying that the 'unpredictable value' is constant for a given connection?

Reviewer 3: That is below.
